Pluralize content view to view(s) (#3801)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-activation-keys-for-host-registration.adoc

.Multiple activation keys
You can use multiple activation keys when registering a content host.

> For example, you can use one activation key to enable specific repositories and another to assign a content view(s) and lifecycle environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use one activation key to enable specific repositories and another to assign content view environments.
```
